[
    "What does a robot do after s3x? Nuts and Bolts.",
    "Why was the math teacher late to work? She took the rhombus.",
    "I'm really excited for the next autopsy club. It's open Mike night!",
    "Where do spiders seek health advice? WebMD.",
    "What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? \"HDMI.\"",
    "My daughter thinks I don't give her enough privacy. At least that's what she wrote in her diary.",
    "Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.",
    "The guy that invented the umbrella was gonna call it the brella. But he hesitated.",
    "Fun fact: Australia's biggest export is boomerangs. It's also their biggest import.",
    "I tried to organize a professional Hide-and-Seek tournament, but it was a complete failure. Good players are hard to find.",
    "Before the invention of the wheel… everything was a drag!",
    "What do you call a hippie's wife? A Mississippi!",
    "What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!",
    "What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid!",
    "Why are there gates around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in!",
    "What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef!",
    "What do you call a monkey that loves Doritos? A chipmunk!",
    "Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing!",
    "I just went to an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.",
    "When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurtie!",
    "Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they're bagels!",
    "Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!",
    "What kind of streets do ghosts haunt? Dead ends!",
    "What kind of dogs love car racing? Lap dogs!",
    "What do you call birds who stick together? Vel-crows.",
    "Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge.",
    "What do you call it when one cow spies on another? A steak out!",
    "What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad!",
    "What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but its flag is a big plus!",
    "Why is Peter Pan always flying? He's from neverland.",
    "I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it.",
    "What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed? \"Oh sheet!\"",
    "Why do cow-milking stools only have three legs? 'Cause the cow's got the udder!",
    "What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.",
    "What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? \"Supplies!\"",
    "Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion!",
    "Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? Because it's pointless!",
    "Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.",
    "When is your door not actually a door? When it's ajar.",
    "What did one dish say to the other? Dinner is on me!",
    "What does a house wear? Address!",
    "Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.",
    "Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.",
    "Have you heard the one about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines.",
    "Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.",
    "I'm terrified of elevators so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.",
    "I put my root beer into a square glass. Now it's just beer.",
    "They told me a mask was enough to get into the supermarket. They lied, everybody else was also wearing pants.",
    "I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.",
    "What's green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.",
    "Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That's just how I roll.",
    "I like to spend every day as if it's my last. Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.",
    "I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.",
    "Where did the computer go dancing? The disc-o!",
    "I used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me.",
    "How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.",
    "I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey but then I turned myself around.",
    "Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.",
    "What's the most terrifying word in nuclear physics? \"Oops!\"",
    "I watched hockey before it was cool. They were basically swimming.",
    "Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was too tired.",
    "A chicken coup only has two doors. If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.",
    "Why don't crabs donate? Because they're shellfish.",
    "What did Blackbeard the pirate say when he turned eighty? \"Aye, matey.\"",
    "It's hard to teach kleptomaniacs humor. They take things so literally.",
    "Don't worry if you miss a gym session. Everything will work out.",
    "Ever tried to eat a clock? It's time-consuming.",
    "Five guys walk into a bar. You think one of them would've seen it.",
    "This sweet ride has four wheels and flies. It's a garbage truck.",
    "I want to go camping every year. That trip was so in tents.",
    "Wait, you don't want to hear a joke about potassium? K.",
    "How do you feel when there's no coffee?  Depresso.",
    "I broke my arm in two places. You know what the doctor told me? \"Stay out of those places!\"",
    "Where did the king keep his armies? Up his sleevies.",
    "What are the biggest enemies of caterpillars? Dogerpillers.",
    "What do you call an empty can of Cheese Whiz? Cheese Was.",
    "What's the award for being best dentist? A little plaque.",
    "What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.",
    "What do you call a magician dog? A labracadabrador.",
    "What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.",
    "Who invented the round table? Sir Cumference.",
    "What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung? The guardians of the Galaxy.",
    "There are three types of people in the world. Those of us who are good at math and those of us who aren't.",
    "What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!",
    "Why do ghosts love elevators? Because it lifts their spirits.",
    "What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.",
    "What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.",
    "How can you make seven an even number? Just take away the \"s\"!",
    "What did the lawyer wear to court? A lawsuit!",
    "What do you call HIJKLMNO? H20!",
    "How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Just follow the fresh prints!",
    "What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back four seconds.",
    "What do you call a dog with no legs? You can call him whatever you want, he's still not coming.",
    "What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.",
    "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he always gets a hole in one!",
    "Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he eventually woke up!",
    "A guy told me, \"Nothing rhymes with orange.\" So I replied, \"No it doesn't.\"",
    "If you're American when you go in the bathroom and American when you come out, what are you in the bathroom? European!",
    "Did you hear the rumor about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.",
    "What did the drummer call his two daughters? Anna one, Anna two.",
    "I'm not a big fan of stairs. They're always up to something.",
    "What do you call a boomerang that never comes back? A stick.",
    "What to hear a joke about paper? Never mind, it's tearable.",
    "My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.",
    "I went to buy some camo pants but couldn’t find any.",
    "I failed math so many times at school, I can’t even count.",
    "I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger, but then it hit me.",
    "I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather… Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.",
    "When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.",
    "It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.",
    "I know they say that money talks, but all mine says is ‘Goodbye.’",
    "My father has schizophrenia, but he’s good people.",
    "The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally.",
    "Most people are shocked when they find out how bad I am as an electrician.",
    "Never trust atoms; they make up everything.",
    "My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline. She hit the ceiling!",
    "I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.",
    "I used to think I was indecisive. But now I’m not so sure.",
    "Russian dolls are so full of themselves.",
    "The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing someone’s cast.",
    "Light travels faster than sound, which is the reason that some people appear bright before you hear them speak.",
    "My therapist says I have a preoccupation for revenge. We’ll see about that.",
    "A told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.",
    "People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves.",
    "I always take life with a grain of salt. And a slice of lemon. And a shot of tequila.",
    "Just burned 2,000 calories. That’s the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.",
    "Always borrow money from a pessimist. They’ll never expect it back.",
    "Build a man a fire and he’ll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life.",
    "The last thing I want to do is hurt you; but it’s still on the list.",
    "Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation toward the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.",
    "I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.",
    "‘Doctor, there’s a patient on line one that says he’s invisible.’ ‘Well, tell him I can’t see him right now.’",
    "Atheism is a non-prophet organization.",
    "A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.",
    "The future, the present, and the past walk into a bar. Things got a little tense.",
    "Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticize them, you’re a mile away and you have their shoes.",
    "Last night my girlfriend was complaining that I never listen to her… or something like that.",
    "Maybe if we start telling people their brain is an app, they’ll want to use it.",
    "If a parsley farmer gets sued, can they garnish his wages?",
    "I got a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both ‘lefts,’ which on the one hand is great, but on the other, it’s just not right.",
    "I didn’t think orthopedic shoes would help, but I stand corrected.",
    "I was riding a donkey the other day when someone threw a rock at me and I fell off. I guess I was stoned off my ass.",
    "People who take care of chickens are literally chicken tenders.",
    "It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.",
    "What’s a frog’s favorite type of shoes? Open toad sandals.",
    "Blunt pencils are really pointless.",
    "6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.",
    "Two wifi engineers got married. The reception was fantastic.",
    "Just got fired from my job as a set designer. I left without making a scene.",
    "What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don’t know and I don’t care.",
    "One of the cows didn’t produce milk today. It was an udder failure.",
    "Adam & Eve were the first ones to ignore the Apple terms and conditions.",
    "Refusing to go to the gym is a form of resistance training.",
    "If attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.",
    "The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.",
    "Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.",
    "The rotation of Earth really makes my day.",
    "Well, to be Frank with you, I’d have to change my name.",
    "What if there were no hypothetical questions?",
    "Pollen is what happens when flowers can’t keep it in their plants.",
    "A book fell on my head the other day. I only have my shelf to blame though.",
    "Geology rocks, but geography’s where it’s at.",
    "I buy all my guns from a guy called T-Rex. He’s a small arms dealer.",
    "My friend’s bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.",
    "If you don’t pay your exorcist, do you get repossessed?",
    "Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.",
    "The man who invented knock-knock jokes should get a no bell prize.",
    "A blind man walked into a bar… and a table… and a chair…",
    "The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, ‘This changes everything.’",
    "How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.",
    "Whiteboards are remarkable.",
    "I threw a boomerang a couple years ago; I now live in constant fear.",
    "I put my grandma on speed dial the other day. I call it insta-gram.",
    "I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.",
    "My teachers told me I’d never amount to much because I procrastinate so much. I told them, “Just you wait!”",
    "Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.",
    "Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side got amputated? He’s all right now.",
    "The man who survived both mustard gas and pepper spray is a seasoned veteran now.",
    "Did you guys hear about the guy that invented the \"knock knock\" joke? He won the no bell prize!"
]